doc: add role management (#520)
harvester/docs: docs/install/iso-install.md

	When there are 3 nodes, the other 2 nodes added first are automatically promoted to management nodes to form an HA cluster. If you want to promote management nodes from different zones, you can add the node label `topology.kubernetes.io/zone` in the [os.labels](./harvester-configuration.md#oslabels) config by providing a URL of [Harvester configuration](./harvester-configuration.md) on the customize the host step. In this case, at least three different zones are required.
	:::

> 1. Choose the role for this node (only allow when Join an existing Harvester Cluster)
> 
> 	![choose-node-role.png](/img/v1.3/install/select-role.png)
> 
>     - `Default Role`: The default role allows this node to be a management node or a worker node. This role does not have any specific promotion policy.
> 	- `Management Role`: The management role gives the higher priority for promotion to be a management node.
> 	- `Witness Role`: The witness role restricts this node to being a witness node (acting as an etcd node).
> 	- `Worker Role`: The worker role will restrict this node to only be a worker node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose a role for the node. You are required to perform this step if you selected the installation mode `Join an existing Harvester cluster`.

  ![choose-node-role.png](/img/v1.3/install/select-role.png)

  - `Default Role`: Allows a node to function as a management node or a worker node. This role does not have any specific privileges or restrictions.
  - `Management Role`: Allows a node to be prioritized when Harvester promotes nodes to management nodes.
  - `Witness Role`: Restricts a node to being a witness node (only functions as an etcd node) in a specific cluster.
  - `Worker Role`: Restricts a node to being a worker node (never promoted to management node) in a specific cluster.
```
